

[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah, okay

[Verse 1]
We in a race car, she let me hit it like a space bar
Girl, your life is in your phone, needa take charge
Hopin' that the dealer gonna hit you with a face card
But don't panic, we the planets and we make stars
Day job wasn't workin' out, I been laid off, takin' loss
Everythin' is A1 stake sauce, drivin' with the breaks off
I'ma-I'ma-I'ma ride though, way beyond the boundary
Where the line go, sippin' cyanide like it's fine wine
Shit is high tide, when it fall down that's when I rise
Feelin' that's inside, it'll blow your mind
I don't need to know what's yours just to knows what's mine
Born in Babylon, droppin' like an atom bomb
Don't flinch, the flow so big it go to Macedon
Oh shit, don't fit inside, I'm stand out
Yeah, I was a kid but I'm the motherfuckin' man now

[Pre-Chorus]
And how it feelin'? Well, it's feelin' good
I got my life together like I knew I should
I let 'em read me like an open book
But turn the page on these motherfuckers

[Chorus]
Said, are we there yet?
Are we there yet? Who gon' hold me down?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet? Who gon' hold me down?

[Verse 2]
Okay, well
He is workin' on a thesis in a Prius, won him many masterpieces Goddammit, they don't believe it, I'm Pittsburgh born and bread
Come inside, explore my head
Get you rattled, I can see you fragile, you an ornament
Just for show, all the negative, you needa let it go
So much work, it's stackin' up, I think I needa get a clone
Leave the nest, send me home, tell me when you ready
If I disappear awhile, promise that you won't forget me
I'm at the crib watchin' Ed, Edd, Eddy
My bitch naked in the kitchen and she whippin' up spaghetti
I got mo' problems, like Christopher
I'm walkin' with my headphones on, I been depressed so long
But now I'm back at it, like a bad habit to a crack addict
Light a match, 'bout to start shittin' on these motherfuckers
Don't know what it is and isn't with these motherfuckers
I got the juice, play some paper for these motherfuckers
Samurai sword, Kill Bill, Hattori Hanzō
Man in this world, will kill if I got to
It's no Biggie, who shot you?
It's my motherfuckin' city and I got a lock full

[Pre-Chorus]
And how it feelin'? Well, it's feelin' good
I got my life together like I knew I should
I let 'em read me like an open book
But turn the page on these motherfuckers

[Chorus]
Said, are we there yet?
Are we there yet? Who gon' hold me down?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet? Who gon' hold me down?

