

[Skit: DJ Clockwork]
Yo, I'm fucking zooted right now in the fucking bathroom, dog. And, you know what I'm saying, I'm just recording this shit 'cause I feel like I got so much fucking shit to say and like, you know what I'm saying, this is the only way that I'ma get it out

[Intro]
Yeah, can I get the littlest bit of reverb on my voice? (Whoa, whoa, whoa)
I'm tryin' to hide from somethin', I just don't know what
Oh, it's not sad, baby (Whoa-whoa-whoa, whoa-whoa-whoa), you know?
(Between heaven and hell)
Yeah, I, I, um, I saw a mountain, you know, across the horizon
And I got there, realized it was just a pile of rocks
Yeah, said, "God damn"
I wonder, yeah

[Verse 1]
And everybody hope
That this song (This song,) is not (Is not,) depressin' as the last one was (Whoa, whoa)
'Cause Heaven smell like Nag Champas
So, come here darlin', ash my blunt (Smoke)
Waitin' on hallucination, ain't a single fact I trust (No)
Dear family, my sanity go down when my cash go up (Between heaven and hell)
Rap too much, how the fuck I get through the verse? (I don't know)
I came from house parties
Find a bitch and go through her purse (Gimme-gimme-gimme that)
All I need is a little good pussy and whole lot of universe (Gimme-gimme-gimme that)
I met God before I ever stepped into a church
And that motherfucker still owe me money (Yeah)
Oh, I need a religion to follow (Don't we all, though?)
I swear to God that I got more problems
Than there is bitches in Carlow (Ou)
Lord have Murciélago (Ou), yeah (Yeah-yeah-yeah, oh)
And I don't know how the fuck I'm supposed
To look into my parents eyes when I'm scared to die (Between heaven and hell)
My eyes same color as a cherry pie
Whoa, see I'm terrified
Crucifix heavy, who gon' carry mine?
Yeah, what's with all this talk about Hell and Satan?
And sleep deprivation?
If this is planet Earth, then my hell's a basement

[Chorus]
Ascension
A brand new me
Yeah, yeah
Why you wanna do me like that, Miss Conception?
Between heaven and hell
What's between heaven and hell?
A brand new me
Oh, it's a brand new me

[Verse 2]
Okay, if I could tell these kids one thing
It's make sure you handle your business, a criminal leave no witness
And don't ever trust these bitches
What happened to your life when your house become a home?
Where your children at? Where your children at?
You got two sons, all they do is fight
You up through the night like, "Gimme-gimme-gimme-gimme that"
Yeah (Between heaven and hell)
Nice titties, got a pic? Go and send me that
Sendak books, can you give her that?
Fuck rap, make a million off a shitty app
Yeah, smoke trees in the cab
Pittsburgh, show you where the city at
And don't forget that H, get you smacked in your face
Yeah, got so many sons, I was young, now they half my age
90K out in Portugal, smile on my face, backlit stage
My bitch batshit crazy and that shit fascinates me
Yeah, on my tongue where the tab is, and it burn like battery acid
I was in the backs of my classes (Between heaven and hell)
By the kid havin' asthma attacks
'Cause he panicked every single time he sat on his glasses
Every Wonderland have a Alice
Uh, but I'm a king, God can I have a chalice?
I'm demandin' the truth, put your hands to the roof
Be a man, that's a challenge

[Chorus]
Ascension
(Challenge, are you up for that challenge?)
A brand new me
(Yeah, everybody got to have balance)
Yeah, yeah
Why you wanna do me like that, Miss Conception?
Between heaven and hell (Salvation)
(And the underworld, welcome to Heaven)
What's between heaven and hell?
(But I gotta keep that bitch waitin')
A brand new me (Fascinatin')
Oh, it's a brand new me (And that's fascinatin')

[Outro: Mac Miller & DJ Clockwork]
Please be a little patient
Ooh, I ain't a doctor, could you be a little patient?
Yeah, be a little patient
Everything will be okay then, if you be a little patient
One world, one nation, done waitin'
Yeah, yeah, um
Now I'm still sippin' moonshine
We discovered a new high, me and Jerm have done this a few times
Yeah, but who's high now?
(I can't believe I done changed my life around)
Talk a lot of shit but will you die now?
(I just want to cry over this shit, dog. For real.)
What you gonna do when everybody just go die out?
(Every day I think about fucking dying)
Let's ride out

