

Intro: Easy Mac

What’s up everybody (haha)
It’s ya boy Easy Mac chillin’ with the Too Green Scene (yup)
Got some limp blunts, couple brew cup
Gotta get crackin’

Chorus: Easy Mac

Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (whoops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (haha)
Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there

Verse 1: Sweet Jame$

I’m smooth sailin’ when the trees I’m inhalin’, exhalin’
I’m on my grind like a railin'
I’m the dude that the 5-0 be tailin’
Am I high? No. I’m just landin’
Sick flow with no prior planin’
Love reckless abandon verbal murder at random
Got beef? Well I make that shit salmon
Pussy rappers try to come and get they hands in
Everything I do, I’m doing for weed, for me, family, and the Too Green Scene
The team with me will shatta ya dreams
My mind see when my eyes lean
Two blunts lightin’ up like my high beams

Chorus: Easy Mac

Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (whoops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there
Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (we be the too green scene), I’m sorry didn’t see you there

Verse 2: TriGGa

The flow so sick
Make you sea sick at the shore
Bitch you know more?
You a whore
I’m feeling kind of nice so you can clean my ice
Then suck me off twice and go with ya life
Where I come from hemp weed is a victory
Get glad like me
What no mic? Well that’s sad to see
Call that tragedy
Call me ya majesty, I’m right in ya castle
Mac with me?
It’s an alliance
Please no tryin' me
I have your mom cryin B
No lyin’ B
We the kings of the jungle
You better bring some muscle if you tryna come and hustle
Cause Mac n’ me
Got [?] runnin’ shit
Ya askin for weed
[?]
We come with class
Smokin’ on a blunt of hash
Puff puff, time to pass

Chorus: Easy Mac

Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (whoops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there
Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there

Verse 3: D. Wreck

Chillin’ in the basement
Sippin’ on the Pabst
Smokin’ on blunts until my body adapts
And underneath the floorboard
We got a pot of sax
Call me a poet because I got a lot of snaps
Whenever I’m done the whole premise claps
There’s an enemy at my back
And my nemesis slacks
If you know steel city
Then you don’t need the map
Cause we roll up in big packs like thumbtacks
Then pop off the caps and party with ya boy
And if you got beef, I got the tender loin
Throw me a pound
And then I will roll it in a joint
And then I’ll call up heads, and flip it like a coin
Hit you in your groin and then I’ll grapple the crop
But if you want some revenge
Ya ass will get socked
If you want to go to heaven, and float to the top
We don’t leave no fuckin' trace
We clean up like a mop, peace!

Chorus: Easy Mac

Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (whoops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (my bad)
Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there

Verse 4: Easy Mac

I’m sorry I didn’t see ya
You must’ve been invisible
Just got thrown out of class by the principle
Callin’ me pitiful
Givin’ me some ridicule
I’m sorry that I’m really not into school
The little dude belittles you
Spittin’ stories and riddles too
MC’s tempt me and then Ima come and shit on you
Spit on you
My crew hot not lukewarm
We do [?]
[?] unicorns with two horns
Rollin’ parties with suits on
We classy
Don’t put it past me
Got a question? Ask me
Pussy rookie rappers I be lookin’ after
Easy Mac, it’s me, you gettin papers stackin’ chapters
Passin’ caps like race cars with eight bars
And kick 8 more will tear ya face off
Cops chase cars
The best may fall
You in the wrong game
Enjoy playin’ baseball

Chorus: Easy Mac

Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (whoops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there. (Aye you want a beer D. Wreck?)
Me and my crew drinking on some booze
Smoking on some squares. (They in the fridge, grab a beer)
I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there (oops), I’m sorry didn’t see you there

