

[Intro]
"Giving people what they love"
Mac Miller (Uh, uh, dumb it down)
What up, Q? (Dumb it down)
What up, Jerm? (Dumb it down)
I see y'all, man (Dumb it down)

[Chorus]
It go one, two, three and to the four
Drums goin' bang, put holes in your flow
Got 'em in the crowd, packed-tight [?]
But the party stay goin' all night, open door
It go one, two, three and to the four
Drums goin' bang, put holes in your flow
Got 'em in the crowd, packed-tight [?]
But the party stay goin' all night, open door (Let 'em in)

[Verse 1]
First class, y'all just secondary (Yep)
At the bar, no I.D. necessary (Nah)
Gettin' loose like untied shoes
[?] drink and I'm dumb high too
Rock the cradle, liquor in the ladle
Young boys head stay spinnin' like a dreidel (Like a dreidel)
And hoes let me stick it like a staple (Uh?)
Gettin' brain while I'm sittin' watchin' cable (Aha)
And that's just the life I live
You ain't ever met nobody quite like this (Uh-uh)
I'm just a kid with a troublemaking nature
Lookin' for a way to double up my paper
Ayy, I ain't fuckin' wit'chu haters (Nah)
The game's just hungry for some flavour (Take a bite)
And I'm flavourful, I don't spend a day in school
Treatin' every second of the day like it's April Fools (Aha)
Bunch of shows in a row, call 'em Pay-per-view
Have the whole crowd hollerin', "Raise the roof"
Like it's '80 or '85
In the Shadow Lounge right by Shady's side

[Interlude]
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep
So, like I said before, I don't know nothin' about dumbin' shit down. Alright [?]
What? What? What? What? What? [?]

[Verse 2]
Ain't none of y'all better than Mac, riddle me that
Competitors gotta give the kid a pat on the back
I'm spazzy with rap, givin' honeys asthma attacks
How I take their breath away then tell 'em pack up they bags
Ayo, Mynd Tek, bring that back, ma'fucker
DJ Mynd Tek
Ain't none of y'all better than Mac, riddle me that
Competitors gotta give the kid a pat on the back
I'm spazzy with rap, givin' honeys asthma attacks
How I take their breath away then tell 'em pack up they bags (Bitch)
The girls still love me and it's havin' you mad (Uh-huh)
'Cause in the mornin' she gone leave my crib, catchin' a cab
I feel bad, you can get a job fetchin' my bags
Minimum wage, you can learn a lesson from that
And Mac's still talkin' here in the third-person
You heard certain I'm word servin' 'til the birds chirpin' (Birds chirpin')
I don't rest, I'm awake, call me Adderall (Adderall)
With the off the wall raps, call me racketball
[?] poison ivy on my basketball (What?)
I can feel the money, I'ma have it, y'all (Okay)
Pocket of fire, ain't stop 'til I'm high or
At the crib with some hoes, chillin', watchin' The Wire (Aha)
I see these other clowns and they gotta retire
'Cause wack music [?] is rotten, expired
Here it make you feel like you just poppin' your tyres
I just gotta enquire, "What the fuck is goin' on?"

[Outro]
Uh (For real)
That's what the fuck it is
The High Life (Aha)
[?]
Dumb it down
Never
I stay clever

