

[Intro: Mac Miller]
Around a fire doing a thunder dance
You know what's a funny word? Underpants
Let's go to Syria and have a war
Stop fucking calling me Macklemore
That's not my name
Well, kind of, it's kind of my name (Little bit louder)
Yeah, so

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
I sold the mansion and moved in my mom's attic (Yeah)
Life was a blockbuster but now it's a cult classic (Yup)
Smoke 'til I'm asthmatic, embracing my bad habits
Travelling down the hole, I'm chasing a fast rabbit (Fall)
Well that's acid, still weird from my last tablet
I love like a folk singer, but fuck like a crack addict
Practicing black magic and watching some car crashes
Snapchattin' a dick pic, sent it to Bob Saget (I'm a faggot)
Word, the aliens have landed
I don't panic in my fortress made of granite (Woo!)
Take life for granted, probably won't when it end
Thank God I'm sober again

[Chorus: Treejay]
Run away
Run away
Run, run, run away
Oh my...

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Who let the dogs out?
Stop what you're doing and put 'em back in the doghouse
I was a human, I'm feeling like I'm a god now (Aaah)
But most of the time I don't even know what I'm talking 'bout
Bitch, I'm a walking, talking crocodile (What?)
Take a picture with my mom and crop her out
Go to her house, coked up, and lock her out
(I was high man, I was just fuckin' high man, I don't know) (Sorry about that) Yeah
I'm possibly a phony, don't believe me
You can't tell that I'm so lonely from the TV (Yah)
I hate myself 'cause I'm a white rapper (Corny)
I hate white rappers (Corny,) but an industry of kike masters made me rich (I'll take it)
Short shorts and high socks
I feel like chalk without a sidewalk
Back in the 'Burgh I'ma eat at my favorite Thai spot ([?], what up?)
And smile as the hungry eyes watch

[Chorus: Treejay]
Run away
Run away
Run, run, run away (Shoutout [?])
Oh my...

[Verse 3: Mac Miller]
Yeah
Still having sex with blind people (Feel good)
They say my pussy smell like pine needles (As it should)
Bust a nut in the poultry section at Giant Eagle
Stare a chicken in the face like, "Bitch, I'ma eat you" (Wassup?!)
Yeah, I'm all kinds of evil
Eating mushrooms out in London tryna find the Beatles (Fuck's John Lennon at?)
I'm still sick of people
Go back to St. Bede, chief and kick it with Mr. Roedel
(That was my English teacher) Retina display on my Macintosh
That's high definition jacking off
Out in LA tryna get me an acting job
'Cause my idol David Hasselhoff (That's the boss)

[Interlude: Mac Miller]
Man, Germans love David Hasselhoff
I hear they like David Hasselhoff more than they like Jews
And they love Jews out there

[Outro: Treejay]
Run away, catch a plane
On my dick, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Run away, run away, run away
Ooh, ooh
Girl, run away
Yeah, yeah, ha
You better run away

