

[Chorus 1 (Condensed): The Moments]
Hey girl
What is your name?
I wanna talk to you
If I can, I can
I can, I can

[Chorus 2: Liquid Luke (J. Herd)]
We the best in the area
We come through with the flows that are scarier
Than Malaria [?] (J. Jerd, Easy Mac)
'Cause I might just drop [?]

[Verse 1: J. Herd]
Uh, we the best in the area
Lookin' at the monsters to the right, they scary, huh?
That's right, I'm with my dogs like a terrier
Put you on your back like James Ferrier, girl, I wanna marry ya
Stay at ya crib like a Marriott
You dudes just fruity like a apricot
My monkey business is what I'm about, but a ape I'm not
I twist my story up, escape the plot, jot on the page is hot
Twist my laces up in double knots
Watch me run from cops, dip out like dippin' dots
Posted in the parking lot, her word against his
J. Herd murdered this shit, you ain't heard of it, bitch, uh
I'm always runnin' like Ralph [?]
Get off my cheese, I'm on the grind like the grater
Malcolm and Jon, ain't nobody greater
A+, here's your grade, sir

[Chorus 1: The Moments]
Hey girl
What is your name?
I wanna talk to you
If I can, I can
Hey girl
What is your name?
I wanna talk to you
If I can, I can
I can, I can

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Yeah, it's Easy Mac, homie
Easy Mac almost rolls off your tongue
I wear the crown round town, I'm too old to be young
I roll up a blunt, hip-hop has moulded a son
You desire a messiah, man? I told you I've come
Pullin' rhymes out my mind, you can call me an exorcist
I'm next to spit, take notes, I'm the best at this
I'm on top of shit, people please get off my dick
I'm workin' like an [?], acknowledge it, I slaughter shit
Me and Herd were about to murder this, my turn to spit
Learned it quick, up on the corner like I'm workin' it
I'm servin' hits, cursin' verses, what my purposes is
If you ain't feel my shit then your ass'll get converted quick
I'm the Jewish Lennox Lewis, yeah, I like to fight
A cut for 50, Bob Barker, yeah, the price is right
I spit that gas, if you bring the light, I might ignite
That's why I keep a bucket of water next to the mic

