

[Intro]
Uh-huh, hey
'Scuse me, son, can I see your identification?
Hey

[Chorus]
I wanna walk into the mall
Tell the man, "I'll take it all" (Hey)
Drop in from the rooftop (Hey), what's gon' break my fall? (Hey)
I think I might go on and on forever (I might go on and on)
I think this could go on and on forever (Hey, hey, it go)
I wanna walk into the store (What?)
Buy everything and more (More)
Travel around the world (Yeah)
To places I ain't been before (Mac Miller)
I think I might go on and on forever (ID Labs)
I think this could go on and on forever (Aha, hey)

[Verse 1]
I've been ridin' in my car with the music all the way up
See me shinin', I'm a star, take a picture, see you later
I’ve been dreamin' of some crazy shit and every time I wake up
Gotta head back to reality, but reality is greater
Than you could ever imagine, you say that you cooler
But I'm more better at rappin', I'm forever the captain
I'll be makin' moves without a joystick, thumbs up
Joint lit, y'all get what the point is
Baby, I'm here, I ain't goin' nowhere
All these haters say I'm fakin' but I really don't care

[Refrain]
Got my teammate right beside me, you know where to find me
'Burgh representative, I need y'all behind me 'cause it's all about the...

[Chorus]
I wanna walk into the mall (Mall)
Tell the man, "I'll take it all" (All)
Drop in from the rooftop, what's gon' break my fall? (Fall)
I think I might go on and on forever (On and on)
I think this could go on and on forever (On and on)
I wanna walk into the store (Store)
I'll take everything and more (More)
Travel around the world to places I ain’t been before ('Fore)
I think I might go on and on forever (On and on)
I think this could go on and on forever (On and on, hey, hey, hey, hey)

[Verse 2]
One day I'ma get mines too
And I think that's sometime soon
Whatever you got in your crib, I'ma get it times two
If I win or lose, what the fuck I gotta prove?
I've been livin' out my dream, everything I saw came true
Travel on a tour bus for screamin' fans
I got a stellar reputation, girl, be who I am
I'ma be the man, son, connectin' people everywhere like Samsung
Thought I'd shoot around the back, alley-oop, and one
This the championship game, you ready, yo?
You don't sound ready, better scream it just to let 'em know

[Refrain]
Teammate right beside me, you know where to find me
'Burgh representative, I need y'all behind me 'cause it's...

[Chorus]
I wanna walk into the mall (Mall)
Tell the man, "I'll take it all" (All, hey)
Drop in from the rooftop, what's gon' break my fall? (Hey, hey, hey, it goes like, hey)
I think I might go on and on forever (And it goes like that)
I think this could go on and on forever (On and on, uh, uh)
I wanna walk into the store (I wanna die with my thumb held high)
Buy everything and more (Said I'ma die with my thumb held high)
Travel around the world to places I ain’t been before
(Said I'ma die with my thumb held high)
I think I might go on and on forever
I think this could go on and on forever (Hey, can I see ya ID? Hahahaha, yeah)

[Outro]
This how it goes... gotta make sure everybody knows... when it comes to the flow... fuck y'all, man

