

[Intro]
You feel like you're alone, Will? You have a soulmate? Somebody who challenges you. I'm talking about someone who opens up things for you—touches your soul. You can't give back to them, you know. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're always afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing 10 miles down the road. But you can do anything you want, you are bound by nothing...

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Yeah, are you my soulmate?
My angel, what do you want with me?
Too high (Too high), slow pace (Slow pace)
My eyes closed, your body all I see
I think you're too divine for my human mind
When I'm with you, what do you do? Bring me to life
No matter what, one day everyone dies (Oh, oh, oh, whoa-oh)
You think you a God 'til you run out of time (Oh, oh, oh, whoa-oh)
Yeah, said, when you're gone (Gone), what will you leave behind?
Yeah, do I belong sometime soon? Where goes my mind? (Oh, oh, oh, whoa-oh)

[Chorus: Mac Miller, Mac Miller & Unknown Woman]
You the one to show me
Divine love (Love), love (Love), love (Love), love
Where was you when I was lonely
My divine love (Love), love (Love), love (Love), love?
When the stereo plays our song, sounds so clear
Baby, where'd you go? What's so wrong?
I'm right here...

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Yeah, why do you stay on my case?
I try to make you feel okay
Do you know (Do you know,) I'm in pain?
I give you clues, you misconstrued
You continue to push me far away
Why don't you come on in?
It's like you forgot my face
I just wanna taste of everything you made of
We ain't (Nothing)
Cut the strings, my balloon, watch me fly
Yeah, said, when are you comin' through to free my mind?
Are you happy with your life?
Can I come and satisfy? Open up, let me inside
When you take off all your clothes, I am under your control
Rollin' up, you get me high (Oh, oh, oh, whoa-oh) (Alright)

[Chorus: Mac Miller, Mac Miller & Unknown Woman]
You the one to show me
Divine love, love, love, love
Where was you when I was lonely
My divine love, love, love, love?
When the stereo plays our song, sounds so clear
Baby, where'd you go? What's so wrong?
I'm right here...

