

[Intro:]
[?]
What's good, baby?
Let me tell y'all how we do it

[Chorus: Beedie]
I got them bitches [?] got these niggas sayin', "Wait"
These bitches screamin', "Ohh"
And we just (Ohh), we just let the money pile
And when it's time to eat, I'm the first in line for chow (For chow)
You more than welcome, bring the guns
And we gotta keep sayin' it where we from (All day)
I'm a gain weightin' motherfucker for life

[Verse 1: Max B]
Chyeah, hold you up, maybe wonder the show
Grab a plate and some food to go
It's soon to roll, there's three on the track, Max B ill spoken, so suitable
But who would know? (Know) If you come so far (Chyeah)
And how we crush so hard (Chyeah)
I wanna rush the ball, I wanna buy it all by myself, fuck y'all
See, I'm ridin' in my ocean waves, so blaze, I toast the haze
I coast for days, and we stay for a lil' bit pic
Take a sniff of that flava flave, I ain't tailor made (Haha)
I'ma take what I can, the first in line with a cake in my hand
And I seen y'all sink in the sand
That's money in the bank, mo' cheese for the team
And I do it for the cream, and the love for the scene
And the cuss for the [?] on the jeans
And I leave the receivin' team, which they didn't catch up
'Til they flee from the scene
You don't really want it, boy, you better back down
Tell your girl turn around, bring it back now
Tell me why she wanna ride on my style
Gotta scream my name so loud that she black out
Act now if you wanna get it crackin'
Come [?] while my cars is stackin'
So when I pause for action
Watch out dawg, 'cause I ball for the passion
I gotta beg ya for the next round
Best style, ill boy with the best sound
I don't mess around with that weak shit, keen shit
[?] with the flame, I'm playin' boy, ya chest out
Mr. I'll Show You What A Knife Do
You don't wanna be playin' wit' ya life, dude
Messin' with you sayin' you a target
You payin' that price 'cause I ain't gon' fight you
Some say I got a foul mind, 'cause I grind all day
Never got no downtime, and you know I gotta eat
I'm the first in the chow line

[Chorus: Beedie]
I got them bitches [?] got these niggas sayin', "Wait"
These bitches screamin', "Ohh"
And we just (Ohh), we just let the money pile
And when it's time to eat, I'm the first in line for chow (For chow)
You more than welcome, bring the guns
And we gotta keep sayin' it where we from (All day)
I'm a gain weightin' motherfucker for life

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
Listen, yo
Ill spoken that Mac's be the realest that's out
Collectin' dead presidents, no reasonable doubt (Haha)
If it wasn't three-thousand pounds, we be stealin' ya house
Choppin' it up, then we dealin' it out
And I ain't feelin' my mouth
With every [?], your brain is rippin' apart
The way I spit feel like your ears is gettin' bit by a shark
I'm just sittin' in park, waitin' to start my engine
My bars is blendin', leave you sittin' up for mores in seconds
Leave you scarred for weapons, I could battle you hard from detention
Yup, a mic blessing, givin' little tights lessons
I'm grindin', let my chest bling
Rhymin' during testing, you would acted like [?] on the west wing
Chess king, checkmate, the chessboard is mine
You wanna war with rhymes? The tourin' God explores your mind
You a borderline bitch fuckin' with pork and swine
Your spinal cord is gettin' popped like a cork in wine
I'm recordin' mine, [?] what I'm sippin' on
I need that ice in my watch, feel like my wrist is gone
That's the shit I'm on, listen through it in the car
Blow your squad up with some more of that piss burn [?]

[Chorus: Beedie]
I got them bitches [?] got these niggas sayin', "Wait"
These bitches screamin', "Ohh"
And we just (Ohh), we just let the money pile
And when it's time to eat, I'm the first in line for chow (For chow)
You more than welcome, bring the guns
And we gotta keep sayin' it where we from (All day)
I'm a gain weightin' motherfucker for life

