

[Verse 1: Mac Miller]
Yeah, um, okay
Uh, I'm steppin’ out the flux capacitor
Go to Africa, then come back wearin' jackal fur (Whoa)
This ain't a rap song, it’s a massacre
Only sacrificin' those who know to say the magic words
Stop, somebody get that man a pacifier
Y'all ain't shit but the appetizer (No)
I'm at a diner with a bad vagina, sippin' on some red wine
When I die, told her snort my ashes, that's a dead line
I'm doin’ just fine, control the suicidal thoughts
And when I’m runnin' out of time, then I’ma buy the clock (Lemme get that, boy)
Life's meaning tends to tie the open-minded knots
If it's all a game, I'm at the final boss (Bow)
You won’t stop us with a diamond cross
This type of demon crucifies the fake who try to floss
And if the rain is just the cryin' gods, then Utopia's behind the fog

[Verse 2: Delusional Thomas]
See, my eyes wide shut, I'm layin' down in a field of roses
When sanity is at a distance, then we feel the closest
Society is all a joke
Turn the television on and see tomorrow's hoax

[Verse 3: Mac Miller]
You'll fit the picture with a doctored pose (Pose)
Just be like everybody else and never walk alone (Walk alone)
I'm on the phone with the devil, speakin' monotone (Uh)
Gettin' bored with all these threats that he throwin' at me

[Chorus: Mac Miller & Delusional Thomas]
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Yeah, why are we so unhappy?

[Verse 4: Mac Miller]
Okay, okay
So can you tell the captain that his boat about to sink
And Mr. Drummond's wife is somewhere smokin' meth on the ship deck?
We livin' in a shipwreck, we nothin' but some insects
Obsessed with sex in this business givin' big checks (Ching)
Been ready to die until I realized I haven't lived yet
I haven't made an indent to the Lord we try to impress (Praise God)
I just wish that I was fearless, bikin' down the mountain
Start to tremble as the gears switch (Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit)
So hear this, hear this, come bathe in my appearance (Ya)
When life give you a car, learn to steer it before you crash
There's more than cash and there's more than ass (Ass)
'Cause all those pleasures turn to torture fast (Fast)
And you can try to fight it but you never win (No)
They assemblin' the evidence to keep you from the truth and the lies (Lies)
We fall into the glamour like a cancer
The answer is there ain't a answer, bitch

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Why are we so unhappy? Yeah
Why are we so unhappy?

