

[Intro]
"Okay, you work a God damn lousy job, you know. You come home at night, you're tired. What are you going to do? Go to a movie? Turn on your radio? Hell no. You're going to get a bottle of whiskey and drink it, and go down to a bar and maybe get in a fist fight and meet some bitch. Something's going on. Then you'll go to work the next day, and do your simple little things, right?"
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
My bitch can tell that I'm addicted to pussy, she looking past it
The smile that she faking is tragic, hate looking at it
That magic I try to grasp it, she's had it with the dramatics
Fantasize of love, so classic, attracted
To what she got up in her attic, can we mind fuck?
Do I lie when I look inside her eyes? Hush, don't say a word
I know I make you hurt, sorry is my favorite word
I don't deserve your trust, but can we make it work?
I hate to end the story, can we wait until the morning to decide on it?
Spend this time pretending it was that first summer
We was pure lovers
She was used to being hurt, I took that curse from her
Sometimes I wonder what it's all for, you wish that I would call more
You're sick of seeing condoms in my sock drawer
Love turns to war so quickly, I envisioned us married and 50
Couple of kids that we drop off at little league
I'm addicted to you, you only want the best, I need to listen to you
I'm fucking other girls, wishing it's you (Yeah)
Fuck the bullshit, we in love
I'm a mess, but can you clean me up?

[Chorus 1]
Girl, I'm the worst, yeah, I know that I'm the worst
Yeah
But you're something I can't lose, let me just tell you the truth
That'd be a first, yeah
Girl, I'm the worst, yeah, I know that I'm the worst
Don't know what I gotta do, just love you so much
That it hurts

[Verse 2]
Yeah, um
And I see you falling victim to the thirst, all the sins you committed
You could probably use a couple minutes in church
But, for what it's worth, I think you're perfect
There's an angel hiding underneath your surface
Yeah, the woman of my dreams, I'm looking at her sleep
The pussy right in-front of me, I shouldn't be so weak
What did I do to deserve a love like this?
You see her shining? That's my sunlight, bitch
I'm sick of fighting, that smile is so inviting
I see you every time I'm writing
I'm losing to all my vices
They kicking my ass
I hold on to this feeling, I wish it would last
Don't wanna lose you for some evil I did in the past
You knew I fucked that bitch and you didn't react?
Girl, it's me and you, how simple is that?
Gave me all your love, now I'm giving it back
But I know that

[Chorus 2]
Girl, you the worst, yeah
You know that you the worst
But I'm something you can't lose, if you just told me the truth
That'd be a first, but
Girl, you the worst, yeah
You know that you the worst
Every time you say you sorry everything you do
Just feel like it's rehearsed

[Segue: Hunter S. Thompson & Charlie Rose]
"A road man."
"A what?"
"A road man."
"A road man."
"For the Lords of Karma."
"Yeah."
"For the Great Hall."

